Doc: Bluetooth: Mesh: Specify RPR Server limitations (#64418)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/rpr_srv.rst

Interface (NPPI) procedure, the :c:member:`bt_mesh_prov.reprovisioned` callback is triggered. See section
:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_rpr_cli` for further details.

Limitations
-----------

> * Remote Provisioning Server does not support provisioning of unprovisioned device using PB-GATT.
> * Remote Provisioning Server supports all Node Provisioning Protocol Interface procedures, however, if the composition of the device is changed as a result of device firmwae upgrade (See :ref:`firmware effect <bluetooth_mesh_dfu_firmware_effect>`) procedure, it is not possible for a device to remain provisioned. The device should be unprovisioned if composition data is expected to change.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following limitations apply to Remote Provisioning Server model:

* Provisioning of unprovisioned device using PB-GATT is not supported.
* All Node Provisioning Protocol Interface (NPPI) procedures are supported. However, if the composition data of a device has changed after a performed device firmware update (see :ref:`firmware effect <bluetooth_mesh_dfu_firmware_effect>`), it is not possible for the device to remain provisioned. The device should be unprovisioned if its composition data is expected to change.
```

Author: Proposal for second bullet point is making it unclear. Rephrasing it a bit for clarity.
